README File for doc directory

NOTE: the doc directory is not automatically distributed with
      the Core Library.

files:
  -- README:		this file
  -- ANNOUNCEMENTS_*:	announcements for various releases of CORE
  -- Makefile:  	to produce tutorial
  -- tutorial.tex:	latex source for CORE Library Tutorial
  -- appendix.tex:	appendix A: Core Class Reference
  -- history.tex:	History of library development
  -- tutoriala4.tex:	automatically generated for a4 paper format
  -- tutorial.bib: 	bibtex references
  -- bigNumFormat.txt:	description of a bigNumber file format used by CORE
  -- stackOverflow.txt:	hints on how to solve stack overflow problems
  -- eclipse.txt:	hints on how to use Core with Eclipse

In "papers" subdirectory:

  -- brown.ps.gz:	"New Core for Robust Numerical and Geometric
			Computation", Chee Yap.  Invited talk at
			3rd CGC Workshop on Computational Geometry,
        		Brown University, Providence, RI,
                	Oct 11-12, 1998.
			SUMMARY: This paper introduces the Core Numerical
			Accuracy Model (API).

  -- core.ps.gz:	"A Core Library for Robust Numerical and
			Geometric Libraries", V. Karamcheti, C. Li,
			I. Pechtchanski and C. Yap. In Proc. 15th ACM
			Symposium on Computational Geometry, Miami Beach,
			Florida, June 1999, pp. 351--359.   
			SUMMARY: Describes the first Core Library 
			implementation, and compiler optimization efforts.

  -- prover.ps.gz:	"Randomized Zero Testing of Radical Expressions
			and Elementary Geometry Theorem Proving", by
			D. Tulone, C. Yap and C. Li.  In Proc. Int'l.
			Workshop on Automated Deduction in Geometry (ADG'00),
			Zurich, Sep 25-27, 2000.  In Lecture Notes in Comp.
			Sci. and A.I., No.2061, Springer 2001.
			SUMMARY: Describes a randomized theorem prover for
			ruler-and-compass theorems based on a generalization
			of Schwartz's lemma to radical expressions.

  -- rootBound.ps.gz:	"New Constructive Root Bound for Algebraic 
			Expressions", by C. Li and C. Yap.  In
			Proc. 12th ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete
			Algorithms (SODA), Jan 2001.
			SUMMARY: Gives a new constructive root bound which 
			is implemented in Core Library, Version 1.3.  It 
			greatly improves upon the BFMS bound for expressions
			with division.

  -- hypergeom.pdf:	"Hypergeometric Functions in Exact Geometric 
			Computation", by Z.Du, M.Eleftheriou, J.Moreira and
			C.Yap.  In Proc. 5th Workshop on Computability and
			Complexity in Analysis, Malaga, Spain, July 12-13,
			2002.  In Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer 
			Science, 66:1 (2002).
			SUMMARY: Introduces several issues in the implementation
			of hypergeometric functions in the context of EGC.
			An implementation based on Core Library is described.

